chore: Prepare 2.0.0 release (#181)
nextcloud-libraries/nextcloud-vite-config: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [v2.0.0](https://github.com/nextcloud-libraries/nextcloud-vite-config/tree/v2.0.0)
### Breaking changes

> This version is Vue3 only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version is Vue 3 only.
```

> For Vue2 use the 1.x versions, 2+ will be providing a common config for apps and libraries built using Vue3.

Reviewer: It duplicates the package description from readme, which is not about the change.

```suggestion
For Vue 2 use the 1.x version.
```
